# ${Organization Name}

- **Date:**
- **Contact:** <!-- remove if you'd prefer not to be contacted -->

---

## Organization description

**What is your organization? (name, description, mission)**



**Do you consider your group or organization a “traditional” HPC site?**



**How many researchers does your organization have? or how many is your group
supporting?**



**What areas of research are you primarily supporting using Kubernetes? (e.g.
bioinformatics, physics, generic research platform)**



**Are your researchers consuming Kubernetes directly (deploying Kubernetes
themselves / using kubectl to access etc)? or do they consume services deployed
on top of it?**



**Do you allow your users to deploy their own applications from the internet or
other sources? If so, do you have some sort of vetting process?**



---

## Why is your organization looking at Kubernetes?

**What motivated you to explore Kubernetes?**



**Were you using containers previously before looking at Kubernetes?**



**How important is workload portability?**



**Are you using Kubernetes to support “new” applications or workloads? or are
you migrating traditional workloads?**



**If you are migrating to Kubernetes, how are you planning to migrate your
traditional workloads?**



**What sort of pain points have you experienced with this migration?**



**What have been the benefits of switching to Kubernetes? or what is it enabling
you to do?**



**How are you handling training your users to work with Kubernetes?**



---

## Describe your environment

**What phase would you consider your Kubernetes environment is in? (e.g. 
Investigating, Development, Production)**



**How many Kubernetes clusters do you run? What size are they? (total number of
nodes, total core, total ram count)**



**Where are you running your clusters? on-prem? a Cloud Provider? a mixture of 
both? If on-prem, are you running them on bare-metal?**



**What version(s) of Kubernetes are you running?**



**What distribution of Kubernetes are you running (Openshift, Rancher etc)?**



**What container runtime(s) are you using?**



**What CNI driver(s) are you using?**



**How are you provisioning your cluster(s)?**



**Do you provide persistent storage? If so, how?**



**If you are exposing cluster services externally, how? (service type
`LoadBalancer`, ingress etc.)**



**In any of your clusters, are you using devices (e.g. GPUs)? If so, what are
they?**



**What types of workloads are you deploying on top of Kubernetes? HPC, HTC, or
services such as Argo, or JupyterHub?**



---

## Workload managers

**Does your group run other workload managers? (SLURM, HTCondor etc)  If so,
what size cluster(s) do you have supporting those other workload managers?**



**Are you considering running another workload manager on top of Kubernetes? or
pursuing running them natively on Kubernetes?**



**Have you integrated with more traditional environments? e.g. posix/parallel
shared file systems etc?**



---

## Multi-tenancy and security

**Do you run or are looking to run restricted data workloads? (HIPAA, PCI etc)**



**Is multi-tenancy important to you?**



**If you have a multi-tenant environment, what methods are you using to
separate your workloads? (e.g. separate clusters / separate namespaces)**



**How are you handling authentication and user management?**



**How are you handling access control? RBAC? ABAC? Additional tooling?**



**Have you explored multi-cluster or federated deployments? If you are actively
using it, what route did you go with which tools?**


## Workflow technologies, runners, platforms, and/or standards

**(Here we use the word "workflow" to mean batch-style data analysis workflows, not buiness process workflows)**



**Do your researchers run workflows at your site?**



**Does your site support particular workflow technologies such as specific frameworks, runners, platforms, and/or standards?**



**In the future, do you plan to directly support particular workflow technologies
such as specific frameworks, runners, platforms, and/or standards?**


